Add a resource detector for populating `service.instance.id` (#4061)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3991](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3991))
- Add attributes field in  `MeterProvider.get_meter` and `InstrumentationScope`
  ([#4015](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/4015))

> - Added a `opentelemetry.sdk.resources.ServiceInstanceIdResourceDetector` that
>   adds the 'service.instance.id' resource attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `ServiceInstanceIdResourceDetector` that adds the 'service.instance.id' resource attribute
  ([#4061](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/4061))
```
